README.md, before:

## Hello!  I'm Sheila Adams-Sapper

📊 I’m currently working on a project to explore functional characterization of microbial interactions using Generative AI.

🌅 Fun facts: I love many areas of science.  I am a licensed amateur radio operator doing emergency communications and public service.  I love experimenting with homemade antennas which I use to explore radio communication propagation from parks and beaches.  I am a member of The Cello Collective in Sebastopol, California. (My dad made my cello!)

🛠 Tech Stack

<p align="left"> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/r/r-original.svg" alt="R" width="40" height="40"/>  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/> </p>

🧪 Other Platforms
- Benchling, Bitbucket, Asana, Monday.com

<!--
**sheila-adams-sapper/sheila-adams-sapper** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:


- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...⚡


-->

Commit message:

Revise README.md with updated projects and experience
Updated personal projects and work experience sections in README.md. Added new projects and refined tech stack.

README.md, after:

## Hello!  I'm Sheila Adams-Sapper

📊 Personal Projects Completed or In Process
- Deep Learning to explore factors in Parkinson Disease onset and progression
- RAG model: a small project to mine public data for gene variants and their reported pathogenic associated with Parkinson Disease
- Generative AI to explore functional characterization of microbial interactions
- Feed Forward Neural Network (FFNN) model to predict risk factors associated with Diabetes (GlucoTrack)
- Recursive Feature Engineering (RFE) and Random Forest models to predict UTI diagnosis (YootAssess)
- Functional python/streamlit app to help amateur radio operators practice with call sign phonetics (listening and speaking)

💼 Work Experience

- **Senior Bioinformatics Scientist** at Resilient Biotics (2018–Present)
  Primary focus: Biomarker discovery and validation for microbial-based therapeutic development
  Developed RNA-seq, WGS, Sanger, and 16S microbiome analyses pipelines
  Built Machine Learning models to discover patterns in complex sequencing data from field study biosamples
  Developed a custom pipeline for risk analysis profiles of therapeutic candidates for antimicrobial resistance, virulence, and human pathogenicity

🌅 Fun facts: I love many areas of science.  I am a licensed amateur radio operator doing emergency communications and public service.  I love experimenting with homemade antennas which I use to explore radio communication propagation from parks and beaches.  I am a member of The Cello Collective in Sebastopol, California. (My dad made my cello!)

🛠 Tech Stack

<p align="left"> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/r/r-original.svg" alt="R" width="40" height="40"/>  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/> </p>

🧪 Other Platforms
- Benchling, Bitbucket, Asana, Monday.com, Streamlit

<!--
**sheila-adams-sapper/sheila-adams-sapper** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:


- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...⚡


-->
